Replace Discord links in docs with links to Slack (#1988)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/get_started/prerequisites.md

# Installation prerequisites

> - Kedro supports macOS, Linux and Windows (7 / 8 / 10 and Windows Server 2016+). If you encounter any problems on these platforms, please check the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or the [Slack organization](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kedro supports macOS, Linux and Windows (7 / 8 / 10 and Windows Server 2016+). If you encounter any problems on these platforms, please check the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).
```

> - Kedro supports macOS, Linux and Windows (7 / 8 / 10 and Windows Server 2016+). If you encounter any problems on these platforms, please check the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/discussions) or the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Kedro supports macOS, Linux and Windows (7 / 8 / 10 and Windows Server 2016+). If you encounter any problems on these platforms, please check the [frequently asked questions](../faq/faq.md), the [searchable archive from our retired Discord server](https://linen-discord.kedro.org/community or post a new query on the [Slack organisation](https://join.slack.com/t/kedro-org/shared_invite/zt-1eicp0iw6-nkBvDlfAYb1AUJV7DgBIvw)..
```
